==== This output can be found in Systems/dx980/storage/lsattr_disk.txt ====
==== START lsattr_disk  Mon Jul  6 23:20:00 GST 2015 ====

#### DISK: hdiskpower0 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1e6755d170000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower1 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1ece042b90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28c80                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d530               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower2 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x0                              LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1eacaeb740000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower3 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1f102ab020000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower4 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fa87b2f10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower5 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fa8d05220000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower6 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x33000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101672e1c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower7 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x34000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015ff4130000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower8 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x35000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101671f380000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower9 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x36000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015f431d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower10 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x6000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10166516c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower11 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x7000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10162112e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower12 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x8000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015db6110000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower13 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x9000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10168694e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower14 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xa000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10164b4c20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower15 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xb000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101609b080000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower16 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xc000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015cf5300000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower17 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xd000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016875b70000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower18 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xe000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10164803e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower19 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xf000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016207610000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower20 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x10000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015e0b660000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower21 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x11000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015a6b750000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower22 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x12000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10164e9910000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower23 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x13000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016098d30000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower24 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x14000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015bdc8c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower25 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x15000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101667f900000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower26 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x16000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101621cd30000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower27 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x17000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015e31190000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower28 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x18000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016968870000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower29 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x19000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10165c9f40000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower30 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101613cfa0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower31 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015c8c6d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower32 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101667e230000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower33 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10162a3a50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower34 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015e41c90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower35 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10169383f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower36 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x20000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101646c4a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower37 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x21000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015f9ed40000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower38 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x22000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10166c10d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower39 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x23000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016265580000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower40 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x24000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101662af40000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower41 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x25000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101616df20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower42 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x26000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016725100000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower43 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x27000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10162bc700000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower44 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x28000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10166a0e20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower45 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x29000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10162c00f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower46 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101684e840000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower47 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016413230000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower48 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015fad2a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower49 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015b9ae90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower50 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10166bd550000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower51 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016299520000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower52 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x30000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015e92b40000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower53 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x31000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015a92270000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower54 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x32000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016583100000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower55 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x37000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1015c3c180000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower56 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x38000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada101668a070000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower57 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x39000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1016240440000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower58 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3a000000000000   LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower59 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1f98a03330000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsattr_disk  Mon Jul  6 23:20:01 GST 2015 ====
