==== This output can be found in Systems/dx987/storage/lsattr_disk.txt ====
==== START lsattr_disk  Mon Jul  6 23:56:39 GST 2015 ====

#### DISK: hdiskpower0 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x0                LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower1 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd24d900e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower2 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf9b40a660000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower45 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd58f733b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower46 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59b02910000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower47 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd595e1ca0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower48 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x30000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd590758f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower49 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x31000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd599c1e30000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower50 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x32000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd594d5c20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower53 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x35000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59041530000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower54 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x36000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd590929e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower55 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x37000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59ae4050000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower56 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x38000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd595479d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower57 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x39000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd58fff230000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower58 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59c4f470000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower59 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd5987c250000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower60 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd593a3090000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower61 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59d64ef0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower62 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd597f28e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower63 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd5924b340000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower64 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x40000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59be80b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower65 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x41000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59873cb0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower66 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x42000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd593cbec0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower67 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x43000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59d5eee0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower68 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x44000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd597de8d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower69 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x45000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd5929afe0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower70 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x46000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecd59d05180000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower71 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x47000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf466efdf0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower72 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x48000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf46284510000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower73 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x49000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf45e88f70000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower74 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf459d2b10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower75 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf465991f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower76 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf4626aa80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower77 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf45da0140000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower78 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf45b15550000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower79 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf458cfd50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower80 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x50000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf4664cfb0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a980                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d574               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower81 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22076bd90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower82 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220f2eaf0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower83 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22084efa0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower84 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2201be6e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower85 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220a7b5c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower86 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x6000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2204478c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower87 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x7000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220c91dc0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower88 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x8000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220523680000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower89 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x9000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220cd9710000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower90 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xa000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22056ad80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower91 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xb000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220164f10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower92 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xc000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220bd2700000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower93 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xd000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220413d00000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower94 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xf000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220c7d8b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower95 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x10000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2205bc960000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower96 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x11000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220d6c5d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower97 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x12000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22066a2a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower98 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x13000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2201f50e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower99 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x14000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22013e900000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower100 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x15000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2209676d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower101 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x16000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2202220a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower102 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x17000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220a35f10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower103 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x18000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22033e3c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower104 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x19000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220afcf90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower105 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220379020000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower106 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220b359f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower107 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2202398d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower108 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2209e7e60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower109 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22023b5c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower110 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2209f0e20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower111 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x20000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec22025cc80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower112 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x21000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220ae4c60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower113 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x22000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2203b72a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower114 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x23000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec220bfd440000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower115 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x24000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2333dbf50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower116 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x25000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec233088160000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower117 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x26000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec23345c270000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower118 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x27000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec232f3c820000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower119 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x28000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec23348bdb0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower120 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x29000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec233007a80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower121 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x30000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec2335a7740000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower122 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x31000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec232fbbda0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower123 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x32000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec232a9cba0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower124 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x33000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec233390520000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower125 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x34000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eec232e85c50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x25800                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x50000974082d35dc               World Wide Name                                False
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsattr_disk  Mon Jul  6 23:56:41 GST 2015 ====
