==== This output can be found in Systems/dx975/storage/lsdev-^Cc_disk.txt ====
==== START lsdev -Cc disk  Tue Jul  7 12:49:26 CDT 2015 ====
hdisk0       Available 04-00-00 SAS RAID 0 SSD Array
hdisk1       Available 05-00-00 SAS RAID 0 SSD Array
hdisk2       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk3       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk4       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk5       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk6       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk7       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk8       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk9       Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk10      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk11      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk12      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk13      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk14      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk15      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk16      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk17      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk18      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk19      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk20      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk21      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk22      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk23      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk24      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk25      Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk26      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk27      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk28      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk29      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk30      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk31      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk32      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk33      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk34      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk35      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk36      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk37      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk38      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk39      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk40      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk41      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk42      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk43      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk44      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk45      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk46      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk47      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk48      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk49      Available 0A-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk50      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk51      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk52      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk53      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk54      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk55      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk56      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk57      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk58      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk59      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk60      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk61      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk62      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk63      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk64      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk65      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk66      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk67      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk68      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk69      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk70      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk71      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk72      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk73      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk74      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk75      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk76      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk77      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk78      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk79      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk80      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk81      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk82      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk83      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk84      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk85      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk86      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk87      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk88      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk89      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk90      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk91      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk92      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk93      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk94      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk95      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk96      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk97      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk98      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk99      Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk100     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk101     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk102     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk103     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk104     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk105     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk106     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk107     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk108     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk109     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk110     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk111     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk112     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk113     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk114     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk115     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk116     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk117     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk118     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk119     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk120     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk121     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk122     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk123     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk124     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk125     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk126     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk127     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk128     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk129     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk130     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk131     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk132     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk133     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk134     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk135     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk136     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk137     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk138     Available 0E-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk139     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk140     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk141     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk142     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk143     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk144     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk145     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk146     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk147     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk148     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk149     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk150     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk151     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk152     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk153     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk154     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk155     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk156     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk157     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk158     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk159     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk160     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk161     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk162     Available 0E-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk163     Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk164     Available 0A-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk165     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk166     Available 0F-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk167     Available 0F-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk168     Available 0F-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk169     Available 0F-00-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk170     Available 0I-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk171     Available 0I-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk172     Available 0I-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk173     Available 0I-01-02 EMC Symmetrix FCP VRAID
hdisk174     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk175     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk176     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk177     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk178     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk179     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk180     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk181     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdisk182     Available 0B-00-02 MPIO IBM FlashSystem Disk
hdiskpower0  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower1  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower2  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower3  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower4  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower5  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower6  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower7  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower8  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower9  Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower10 Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower11 Available 0E-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower12 Available 0A-00-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower13 Available 0I-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower14 Available 0I-01-02 PowerPath Device
hdiskpower15 Available 0I-01-02 PowerPath Device
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsdev -Cc disk  Tue Jul  7 12:49:26 CDT 2015 ====
