==== This output can be found in Systems/dx987/hw/lsattr-^El_sys0.txt ====
==== START lsattr -El sys0 Tue Jul  7 00:00:53 GST 2015 ====
SW_dist_intr    false                                Enable SW distribution of interrupts                True
autorestart     true                                 Automatically REBOOT OS after a crash               True
boottype        disk                                 N/A                                                 False
capacity_inc    0.01                                 Processor capacity increment                        False
capped          false                                Partition is capped                                 False
chown_restrict  true                                 Chown Restriction Mode                              True
conslogin       enable                               System Console Login                                False
cpuguard        enable                               CPU Guard                                           True
dedicated       false                                Partition is dedicated                              False
enhanced_RBAC   true                                 Enhanced RBAC Mode                                  True
ent_capacity    3.60                                 Entitled processor capacity                         False
frequency       6400000000                           System Bus Frequency                                False
fullcore        false                                Enable full CORE dump                               True
fwversion       IBM,AM780_068                        Firmware version and revision levels                False
ghostdev        0                                    Recreate ODM devices on system change / modify PVID True
id_to_partition 0X8000109BE2300018                   Partition ID                                        False
id_to_system    0X8000109BE2300000                   System ID                                           False
iostat          false                                Continuously maintain DISK I/O history              True
keylock         normal                               State of system keylock at boot time                False
log_pg_dealloc  true                                 Log predictive memory page deallocation events      True
max_capacity    8.00                                 Maximum potential processor capacity                False
max_logname     9                                    Maximum login name length at boot time              True
maxbuf          20                                   Maximum number of pages in block I/O BUFFER CACHE   True
maxmbuf         0                                    Maximum Kbytes of real memory allowed for MBUFS     True
maxpout         8193                                 HIGH water mark for pending write I/Os per file     True
maxuproc        16384                                Maximum number of PROCESSES allowed per user        True
min_capacity    2.00                                 Minimum potential processor capacity                False
minpout         4096                                 LOW water mark for pending write I/Os per file      True
modelname       IBM,9179-MHD                         Machine name                                        False
ncargs          256                                  ARG/ENV list size in 4K byte blocks                 True
nfs4_acl_compat secure                               NFS4 ACL Compatibility Mode                         True
ngroups_allowed 128                                  Number of Groups Allowed                            True
os_uuid         6b7fcfd2-57ad-4b47-a435-1916a889dd5f N/A                                                 True
pre430core      false                                Use pre-430 style CORE dump                         True
pre520tune      disable                              Pre-520 tuning compatibility mode                   True
realmem         101711872                            Amount of usable physical memory in Kbytes          False
rtasversion     1                                    Open Firmware RTAS version                          False
sed_config      select                               Stack Execution Disable (SED) Mode                  True
systemid        IBM,0221ADA1V                        Hardware system identifier                          False
variable_weight 127                                  Variable processor capacity weight                  False
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsattr -El sys0 Tue Jul  7 00:00:53 GST 2015 ====
