==== This output can be found in Systems/dx989/network/lsdev-^C_egrep_ent_0-9_tok_0-9_fddi_0-9_awk_print_.txt ====
==== START lsdev -C | egrep "ent[0-9]|tok[0-9]|fddi[0-9]" | awk '{print "#### Network adapter: " $1 " ####";system("lsattr -El " $1);print "############\n"}' Thu Aug  6 11:28:41 GST 2015 ====
#### Network adapter: ent0 ####
alt_addr        0x000000000000 Alternate Ethernet Address                 True
chksum_offload  yes            Checksum Offload Enable                    True
copy_buffs      32             Transmit Copy Buffers                      True
copy_bytes      65536          Transmit Copy Buffer Size                  True
desired_mapmem  0              I/O memory entitlement reserved for device False
max_buf_control 64             Maximum Control Buffers                    True
max_buf_huge    96             Maximum Huge Buffers                       True
max_buf_large   128            Maximum Large Buffers                      True
max_buf_medium  1024           Maximum Medium Buffers                     True
max_buf_small   4096           Maximum Small Buffers                      True
max_buf_tiny    4096           Maximum Tiny Buffers                       True
min_buf_control 24             Minimum Control Buffers                    True
min_buf_huge    96             Minimum Huge Buffers                       True
min_buf_large   128            Minimum Large Buffers                      True
min_buf_medium  1024           Minimum Medium Buffers                     True
min_buf_small   4096           Minimum Small Buffers                      True
min_buf_tiny    4096           Minimum Tiny Buffers                       True
poll_uplink     no             Enable Uplink Polling                      True
poll_uplink_int 1000           Time interval for Uplink Polling           True
trace_debug     no             Trace Debug Enable                         True
use_alt_addr    no             Enable Alternate Ethernet Address          True
############

#### Network adapter: ent1 ####
alt_addr        0x000000000000 Alternate Ethernet Address                 True
chksum_offload  yes            Checksum Offload Enable                    True
copy_buffs      32             Transmit Copy Buffers                      True
copy_bytes      65536          Transmit Copy Buffer Size                  True
desired_mapmem  0              I/O memory entitlement reserved for device False
max_buf_control 64             Maximum Control Buffers                    True
max_buf_huge    96             Maximum Huge Buffers                       True
max_buf_large   128            Maximum Large Buffers                      True
max_buf_medium  1024           Maximum Medium Buffers                     True
max_buf_small   4096           Maximum Small Buffers                      True
max_buf_tiny    4096           Maximum Tiny Buffers                       True
min_buf_control 24             Minimum Control Buffers                    True
min_buf_huge    96             Minimum Huge Buffers                       True
min_buf_large   128            Minimum Large Buffers                      True
min_buf_medium  1024           Minimum Medium Buffers                     True
min_buf_small   4096           Minimum Small Buffers                      True
min_buf_tiny    4096           Minimum Tiny Buffers                       True
poll_uplink     no             Enable Uplink Polling                      True
poll_uplink_int 1000           Time interval for Uplink Polling           True
trace_debug     no             Trace Debug Enable                         True
use_alt_addr    no             Enable Alternate Ethernet Address          True
############

#### Network adapter: ent2 ####
alt_addr        0x000000000000 Alternate Ethernet Address                 True
chksum_offload  yes            Checksum Offload Enable                    True
copy_buffs      32             Transmit Copy Buffers                      True
copy_bytes      65536          Transmit Copy Buffer Size                  True
desired_mapmem  0              I/O memory entitlement reserved for device False
max_buf_control 64             Maximum Control Buffers                    True
max_buf_huge    96             Maximum Huge Buffers                       True
max_buf_large   128            Maximum Large Buffers                      True
max_buf_medium  1024           Maximum Medium Buffers                     True
max_buf_small   4096           Maximum Small Buffers                      True
max_buf_tiny    4096           Maximum Tiny Buffers                       True
min_buf_control 24             Minimum Control Buffers                    True
min_buf_huge    96             Minimum Huge Buffers                       True
min_buf_large   128            Minimum Large Buffers                      True
min_buf_medium  1024           Minimum Medium Buffers                     True
min_buf_small   4096           Minimum Small Buffers                      True
min_buf_tiny    4096           Minimum Tiny Buffers                       True
poll_uplink     no             Enable Uplink Polling                      True
poll_uplink_int 1000           Time interval for Uplink Polling           True
trace_debug     no             Trace Debug Enable                         True
use_alt_addr    no             Enable Alternate Ethernet Address          True
############

#### Network adapter: ent3 ####
alt_addr        0x000000000000 Alternate Ethernet Address                 True
chksum_offload  yes            Checksum Offload Enable                    True
copy_buffs      32             Transmit Copy Buffers                      True
copy_bytes      65536          Transmit Copy Buffer Size                  True
desired_mapmem  0              I/O memory entitlement reserved for device False
max_buf_control 64             Maximum Control Buffers                    True
max_buf_huge    96             Maximum Huge Buffers                       True
max_buf_large   128            Maximum Large Buffers                      True
max_buf_medium  1024           Maximum Medium Buffers                     True
max_buf_small   4096           Maximum Small Buffers                      True
max_buf_tiny    4096           Maximum Tiny Buffers                       True
min_buf_control 24             Minimum Control Buffers                    True
min_buf_huge    96             Minimum Huge Buffers                       True
min_buf_large   128            Minimum Large Buffers                      True
min_buf_medium  1024           Minimum Medium Buffers                     True
min_buf_small   4096           Minimum Small Buffers                      True
min_buf_tiny    4096           Minimum Tiny Buffers                       True
poll_uplink     no             Enable Uplink Polling                      True
poll_uplink_int 1000           Time interval for Uplink Polling           True
trace_debug     no             Trace Debug Enable                         True
use_alt_addr    no             Enable Alternate Ethernet Address          True
############

==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsdev -C | egrep "ent[0-9]|tok[0-9]|fddi[0-9]" | awk '{print "#### Network adapter: " $1 " ####";system("lsattr -El " $1);print "############\n"}' Thu Aug  6 11:28:41 GST 2015 ====
