==== This output can be found in Systems/dx1011/network/lsdev-^Cc_if.txt ====
==== START lsdev -Cc if Tue Jul  7 13:43:44 CDT 2015 ====
en0  Defined   00-00 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en1  Defined   00-01 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en2  Defined   00-02 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en3  Defined   00-03 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en4  Defined   04-00 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en5  Defined   04-01 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en6  Defined   04-02 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en7  Defined   04-03 Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en8  Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en9  Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en10 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en11 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en12 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en13 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en14 Available       Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en15 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en16 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
en17 Defined         Standard Ethernet Network Interface
et0  Defined   00-00 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et1  Defined   00-01 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et2  Defined   00-02 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et3  Defined   00-03 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et4  Defined   04-00 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et5  Defined   04-01 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et6  Defined   04-02 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et7  Defined   04-03 IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et8  Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et9  Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et10 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et11 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et12 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et13 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et14 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et15 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et16 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
et17 Defined         IEEE 802.3 Ethernet Network Interface
lo0  Available       Loopback Network Interface
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsdev -Cc if Tue Jul  7 13:43:44 CDT 2015 ====
