==== This output can be found in Systems/dx977/storage/lsattr_disk.txt ====
==== START lsattr_disk  Tue Jul  7 00:20:16 GST 2015 ====

#### DISK: hdiskpower0 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x0                              LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1eacaeb740000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower1 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1ec6b047b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28c80                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d530               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower2 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1000000000000    LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower3 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1f0ff0ba80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower4 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fca4374e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower5 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fca358370000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower6 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x6000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fca2dde50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower7 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x7000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9d74ab0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower8 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x8000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9ab1110000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower9 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x9000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc99a0d70000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower10 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xa000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9689e30000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower11 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xb000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc94966d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower12 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xc000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc92d9250000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower13 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xd000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc93107c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower14 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xe000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc92ec750000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower15 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0xf000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9191980000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower16 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x10000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9343120000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower17 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x11000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9699610000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower18 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x12000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9575800000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower19 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x13000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc946d6d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower20 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x14000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc92fd210000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower21 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x15000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc944b810000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower22 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x16000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc944d730000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower23 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x17000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc935edb0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower24 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x18000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc924f410000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower25 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x19000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9019020000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower26 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9cca600000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower27 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9af4170000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower28 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9830c80000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower29 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9679c20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower30 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9565a50000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower31 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9543ba0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower32 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x20000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9770b60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower33 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x21000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc97f2170000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower34 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x22000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fca5055e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower35 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x23000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fca2213d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower36 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x24000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9f980b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower37 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x25000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9e63420000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower38 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x26000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9de9ef0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower39 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x27000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9f06fb0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower40 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x28000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9932790000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower41 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x29000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9668850000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower42 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc95247f0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower43 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc937b7c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower44 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc925aee0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower45 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc917ed20000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower46 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9069210000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower47 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x2f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9e7b300000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower48 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x30000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9c40d00000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower49 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x31000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9a4c590000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower50 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x32000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9a264d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower51 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x33000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9d4f2b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower52 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x34000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9d5e9e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower53 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x35000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9e3e950000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower54 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x36000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9016be0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower55 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x37000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9dbb8b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower56 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x38000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9ddb710000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower57 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x39000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9d76880000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower58 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9e95390000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower59 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1faa09c3c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower60 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1faa744fe0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower61 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fa9ef61a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower62 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1faa62b4e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower63 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x3f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fa9dedb60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower64 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x40000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1faa4a0d00000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower65 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x41000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fa9bcd050000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower66 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x42000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1faa238910000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower67 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x43000000000000   LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower68 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x44000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc975ca60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower69 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x45000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc94b91e0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower70 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x46000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc91d9730000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d534               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower71 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x47000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9706270000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower72 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x48000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9420d10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower73 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x49000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1fc9120f60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower74 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4a000000000000   LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28c80            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d530 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower75 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4b000000000000   LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28c80            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d530 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower76 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1006e62fa0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower77 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4d000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada100693c440000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower78 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada100654b7c0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower79 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10064f5f90000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28380                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d5d0               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower80 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1007d79a60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower81 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x4f000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1006d85310000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower82 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x50000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1006c143a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower83 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x51000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10069c48a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower84 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x52000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10077d6700000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower85 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x43000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1007ea8d10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x28c80                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d50c               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower86 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x53000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1008a57d10000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower87 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x54000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1008807410000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower88 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x55000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada100894f2d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower89 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x56000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10089a8e60000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower90 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x57000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1008a673b0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower91 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x58000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1008b36740000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower92 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x59000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada100893a550000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower93 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5a000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10088514a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower94 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5b000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada1008994e40000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower95 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5c000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f9ada10088434d0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy no_reserve                       Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower96 ####
PR_key_value   none               Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                          Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5d000000000000   LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000           Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                  Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000           Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           none               Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                 Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple             Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                 Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path        Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                  Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                 READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880            SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508 World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower97 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x1000000000000                  LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecda0283660000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False

#### DISK: hdiskpower98 ####
PR_key_value   none                             Reserve Key.                                   True
clr_q          yes                              Clear Queue (RS/6000)                          True
location                                        Location                                       True
lun_id         0x5e000000000000                 LUN ID                                         False
lun_reset_spt  yes                              FC Forced Open LUN                             True
max_coalesce   0x100000                         Maximum coalesce size                          True
max_retries    5                                Maximum Retries                                True
max_transfer   0x100000                         Maximum transfer size                          True
pvid           00f92eecf963c72a0000000000000000 Physical volume identifier                     False
pvid_takeover  yes                              Takeover PVIDs from hdisks                     True
q_err          no                               Use QERR bit                                   True
q_type         simple                           Queue TYPE                                     False
queue_depth    32                               Queue DEPTH                                    True
reassign_to    120                              REASSIGN time out value                        True
reserve_policy single_path                      Reserve Policy used to reserve device on open. True
reset_delay    2                                Reset Delay                                    True
rw_timeout     40                               READ/WRITE time out                            True
scsi_id        0x2a880                          SCSI ID                                        False
start_timeout  180                              START unit time out                            True
ww_name        0x500009740834d508               World Wide Name                                False
==== EXITED with rc 0 ====
==== END lsattr_disk  Tue Jul  7 00:20:18 GST 2015 ====
